README.md, before:

![green-innovation](documentation/green-innovation-title.png)

Green Innovation
Exposition and Open house 2023 in Barcelona, Spain.

An event place to share and experience new ideas and projects that architects, engineers and designers are planning for a more sustainable and respectfull future for the world in where the cities are more involve with nature.
Forums, Ted talks, learning, activities and alot of fun.

![Responsive Mockup](documentation/responsive-mockup.png)

---

## User Stories

### First time Visitor Goal:

* As a first visitor experience I want to understand what is the page about, being able to relate the content with what I am looking for, navigate esily and see all the information clearly, to get interested in the topics that are proposed and being able to contact for further information about my interest.

### Returning Visitor Goals:

* As a returning visitor, I will be looking more deep information about the event dates, hours and activities. Probably will check in more depth the gallery and images the page is showing me.

### Frequent Visitor Goals:

* As a Frequent visitor, I want to be able to share this information with my comminity, spread the information in an easy, practical and trusthwortypage. Also being able to generate more customers co atend the event.




- Image with responsive design shown as the page looks

Features

Testing

Bugs

Validation testing 

Deployment

Credits
favicon image
<https://favicon.io/emoji-favicons/house-with-garden>
palletes
color.co
font awesome
for icons

Commit message:

Add Navbar feature to read me

README.md, after:

![green-innovation](documentation/green-innovation-title.png)

Green Innovation
Exposition and Open house 2023 in Barcelona, Spain.

An event place to share and experience new ideas and projects that architects, engineers and designers are planning for a more sustainable and respectfull future for the world in where the cities are more involve with nature.
Forums, Ted talks, learning, activities and alot of fun.

![Responsive Mockup](documentation/responsive-mockup.png)

---

## User Stories

### First time Visitor Goal:

* As a first visitor experience I want to understand what is the page about, being able to relate the content with what I am looking for, navigate esily and see all the information clearly, to get interested in the topics that are proposed and being able to contact for further information about my interest.

### Returning Visitor Goals:

* As a returning visitor, I will be looking more deep information about the event dates, hours and activities. Probably will check in more depth the gallery and images the page is showing me.

### Frequent Visitor Goals:

* As a Frequent visitor, I want to be able to share this information with my comminity, spread the information in an easy, practical and trusthwortypage. Also being able to generate more customers co atend the event.

## Features

### Navbar

#### Navigation

Position: Top of page.
* Contains text logo of the event on the left and on the right one animated icon that dropdown the menu.
* Dropdown menu contain:
- Home
- Info
- Gallery
- Sign-up
* All link have animated hover effect

![NavBar](documentation/navbar.png)
![NavBar Open](documentation/navbar-open.png)

* The navigation bar in responsive in all screens.

---



Testing

Bugs

Validation testing 

Deployment

Credits
favicon image
<https://favicon.io/emoji-favicons/house-with-garden>
palletes
color.co
font awesome
for icons
